we have something very important to do
it's time to play you catch it here mo
how's the weather up there Jimmy I want
to tell you you should pay me answer
today because I'm so close to the Sun
you look very rugged in that sleeveless
jacket or you remind me of a young Larry
the Cable Guy it's really what is that a
safety harness you have on yes you make
a fort to prevent accidents yeah I know
what a safety harness is oh okay okay
all right are you ready and throw stuff
off the roof
I'm ready Jim all right this works is
Guillermo is gonna drop a prize from the
roof onto a person down below and if the
person down below catches that prize
they get to keep that price is it makes
sense okay let's go to the street where
cousin Sal is with our first catcher or
Kihei cousins - oh you got that sub on -
oh yeah right all right well who do we
have here hi Hilary hi Hilary or no my
name is under here oh never mind
oh you okay your name is Hilary yes
where are you from Hilary Indianapolis
Hilary were you wearing that when you
showed up today here in Hollywood I have
a better shirt on underneath this black
shirt okay Hilary what do you do for a
living I'm a recruiter at Aegis
worldwide you have any experience
catching things a little bit yeah you do
like what for instance um I played
softball and I was younger oh this is
great Oh perfect perfect okay well let's
we're gonna turn the sound off Hilary so
you cannot hear what is about to come
from the sky let's go back up to
Guillermo who will now inform us what
Guillermo what is that you have there
Guillermo Jimmy have a a heart and
a Slurpee oh what a heart and a
Slurpee all right okay so you are going
to pour that
and then what happens when it gets there
when she gets it she gets to keep the
Hat just you me and and a hundred
dollars of gift card from in and out all
right okay that's ruined now all right
all right here we go let's find out
let's find out if she's ready down
downstairs yes Guillermo hold on Jimmy
yes
last but not least the most important
thing all right oh it's a slur Purita
you're making there okay all right well
be careful you're on the roof let's go
back down are you ready I'm ready all
right here we go Guillermo three two one
here it comes
Wow that was right on target
I you know what Hillary that was all
your fault I have to say let's look at
the slow-motion instant replay oh it
just came went right through your your
arms but you know what you can keep it
anyway alright no worries thank you for
playing you can keep it yes be careful
don't slip
alright so who do we have there next I'm
Kelly hey Kelly where are you from
Fairhope Alabama are you here on
vacation a little softball tournament Oh
real Oh perfect that wow there's a lot
of softball going on are you in the
softball tournament now my daughter is
Oh your daughter it's okay got three
athletes in the family oh great I'm not
one of them you're not maybe sure we
should be having her play this game
alright see you know how the game works
right you just saw what happened yeah
that's like you seem excited Kelly all
ready for it let's go that you want ball
I'm ready for this all right let's go
back to the roof to Guillermo to find
out what our next item is and our next
item is what Guillermo is a cooler full
of popsicle Jimmy a cooler full of
popsicles very good anything good in
there Jimmy also we gotta add two
tickets to business okay this one seems
dangerous but we're gonna do it anyway
all right
and also we got you know you don't need
to Keela on the car
[Applause]
that seems unnecessary but let's do it
anyway Guillermo reading on it down are
you ready on the ground oh yeah let's do
this here we go
look to the sky three two here it comes
[Music]
so very close to catching that up the
lid maybe that would have counted if you
caught that let's take a look at the
replay oh wow
alright okay yeah alright so we have a
personal injury case on our hands now
how you feeling right now Kelly I'm not
bad your neck hurts you're not
embarrassed yeah yeah there you go well
Kelly we're gonna give you the tickets
to Disneyland anyway because none of
this means anything slightly sticky but
they should work anyway what is your
name my name is Ozzie sir were you from
Ozzie I'm from Fayetteville North
Carolina oh well welcome to you catching
you keep it have you been watching yes
sir have you played any baseball
yes sir when I was younger perfect
alright Ozzie you're ready to do this
yes sir let's go back to the roof let's
turn the sound down again what do we
have there garam oh we have a a baby
though Jimmy with a pair of LeBron Nike
shoes oh I hope they're his size I think
I like 14 I think oh that is the most
common size alright
our legal department wants me to remind
you to not do this with a real baby are
you ready to count it down here mo ready
Jimmy are you ready on the ground we're
switching gloves more already right okay
you're switching loves all right by the
way this will be fun for people across
the street who don't know what's
happening all right get ready down on
the ground gear mo count it
three two one
oh wow we rolled four threes how sad but
you know what you can again as we did in
the past you are allowed to keep those
Ozzie anyway there we go take those with
you I hope they fit all right
what's your name Emory Emory were you
from I'm from the land down under
Australia
oh yes I've heard of it yes well welcome
thank you hey are you on vacation yes oh
very good
all right well we're gonna try to make
this a notable vacation and we're gonna
throw something off the roof for you to
catch you're ready yeah
all right here we go Guillermo Jimmy we
have an ice-cream sundae
yes with a gift card fron and I don't
know how to say the name our cheek our
deli Ghirardelli that's right right
that's right next door to us yes so
we've got an ice-cream card in ice cream
yeah Jimmy okay all right you've already
eaten some food I see all right all
right
one more time ready be ready on the
ground lactose-intolerant are you
d'Armes you'll be great
okay all right now hopefully you're not
an alcoholic either okay here we go
count it down Guillermo three two I
think that was impossible to catch he
didn't get any she's something out and
get any headaches but really you stayed
pretty clean nice it exploded pretty
much on impact
oh my goodness but we're gonna you know
what will give me the ice cream anyway
thank you for playing or unicity we
should just call it you keep it right if
you liked that video click Subscribe and
we'll be together until one of us dies